---
author: iarenzana
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2020-06-19T08:30:00Z"
guid: https://arenzana.org/?p=423
id: 423
tags:
- covid
- quarantine
title: Reopen
url: /2020/06/reopen/
---
Not gonna lie, life <del>has been</del> is not easy during this COVID-19 crisis. I get it, it has not been easy for anyone really, but during this time I have come to a few realizations about some things in my life. I enjoy my freedoms like everyone else, but I suppose I always took some of them for granted: like being able to travel freely. 

Don&#8217;t get me wrong, I have thought about how air travel is my single point of failure when it comes to going home; since it&#8217;s the only practical way to travel from the US to Europe. The problem is that, in my lifetime, there has never been such a crisis that would require the cancelation of air travel for such an extended period of time and at such a scale. For this reason, I have never really put any thought into different suitable alternatives: Air travel could never be canceled at a planetary scale◦. I suppose it may be a good time to research transatlantic cruises. 

With countries and states reopening, many people find it &#8220;irresponsible&#8221; to even think about traveling these days. I don&#8217;t necessarily disagree, but when it is required to be <del>2 meters away from</del> close to your loved ones and all safety measures are followed, it&#8217;s unreasonable to judge someone for looking forward to it. We all need to find ways to cope with this &#8220;new normal&#8221;. 

Yesterday I came across [this tool,](https://reopen.europa.eu/en/map/ESP) which I found very useful to navigate this confusing time of regulations. I wish the US had a way to graphically show where we can travel abroad or when it might be reasonable to consider going to those destinations again. 

Stay safe, everyone. 

◦ I understand that cargo, repatriation flights, etc still exist. I am making a generalization here.